feat: Add Hash Join benchmarks (#17636)
apache/datafusion: benchmarks/README.md

./bench.sh run nlj
```

## Hash Join

This benchmark focuses on the performance of queries with nested hash joins, minimizing other overheads such as scanning data sources or evaluating predicates.

> Different queries are included to test nested loop joins under various workloads.

Reviewer: Do you mean:

```suggestion
Several queries are included to test hash joins under various workloads.
```

Or 

```suggestion
Other benchmarks test nested loop joins, not these
```

?
